so modern warfare 3 was on sale on
amazon for pc like the digital download
so i decided i buy it and yeah it's a
little weird for some reason you're not
type is like always strict or at least
mine is for some reason it says always
strict even though i have like a dmz
setup and no problems with like modern
warfare 2 or call of duty 4 on pc but
for some reason it doesn't like me on
modern warfare 3 and i have like this
weird connection issue sometimes they
get like two buyers and that's just
really weird but I get to be on like the
receiving end of lag compensation which
is weird I've never had that happen
before where you know people have to
wait for me to come around the corner
and kill them before they get to see me
which is kind of funny but yeah some
games a light compensation wasn't
working in my favor there's still this
huge issue with this day in Medicaid it
just doesn't happen in call of duty 4
modern warfare 2 there's just a lot of
times where people will come around the
corner and I'm dead before I even see
them before I can even see the person
they've killed me and that happens like
a lot some games they'll be like two or
three people who like the way their
connection works with yours that they're
like completely invincible and they
always kill me before I even see them
and it's a little weird I don't know why
it happens it doesn't happen ever in
modern warfare 2 like you get noob tubed
lot which sucks but it never happens
where you die before you walk around a
clinic there you walk around a corner
and you're already dead it's just weird
I've also realized that I really don't
like any of the maps in modern warfare 3
like this one's okay because it's a
little bit bigger and you can move
around a bit more but the way the Swans
work on every map and just the way they
designed the maps they're just so so
hectic there's things everywhere
there's no like vantage points there's
no like good cover they just completely
redid the design of the map and the
spawn system to attempt to make things
faster paced and you can see like there
are certain points in this game where
I'm walking around for like a minute or
two and I don't see anyone and yet
sometimes I'll spawn and I'll see an
enemy right in front of me so I don't
think that they should have done them
this game the way they did I'm hoping
that black ops 2 and try to drastically
change things like that's what they were
going for with this game some people
were complaining that called duties the
same thing every year and that you know
it's it's getting boring and they're not
drastically improving the graphics for
changing things and that's just stupid
the game is fun you know if they redo
the maps and and the weapons and stuff
it's still fun they don't really need to
redesign the game like if you want to
play a different game play a different
game there are a lot of people who just
like cod but yeah I don't know I I don't
like that they change so many things
like they added some good things but I
don't like that they changed so much and
I'm hoping that black ops 2 goes back
towards what call of duty was ideally I
want to see a modern warfare 2 without
all the stuff that makes modern warfare
2 frustrating like the noob tubes and
the danger close since the I don't know
why people don't drop weapons in this
game why don't people I remember that
guy to take his gun people don't drop
weapons in this game when you kill them
especially when you're low on ammo
whenever you need bullets or need a
weapon for some reason people don't drop
weapons where did their weapon go I
don't get it I don't know why that
happens but ideally I'd like to see
modern warfare two without like new to
danger close and that sort of thing you
can maybe tune down the weapons of it
but I want to see that same sort of hit
detection I liked a lot of those maps I
like to the spawn system it could use a
bit of tune
but honestly that game was pretty good
I'd say that when was the most
entertaining and that if they could go
back towards that with black ops 2 that
would be great anyways I'm probably
gonna be playing a bit of mw2 and a bit
of mw3 on the pc and i'll probably play
mw2 on xbox on the weekend maybe I'll do
like the live stream or something like
that by the right now I'm just trying to
like get better at aiming with the mouse
and obviously to do that I have to play
on the pc unless I by like one of those
mouse keyboard adapters for the Xbox
which might actually be cool maybe I
should try that it's like this I like
count as a mod is that consider like a
mod or a hacked or something or I don't
know is it just like a passive device
that converts things I the interest to
see how that works because apparently
like once you get used the most it's a
lot easier to aim with and then if you
add that plus aim assist man I'd be like
amazing at the xbox anyways nice bonus
clip and this is showing that I don't
suck as much a PC more still not great
but I do well here how anyways thanks
for watching like the video if you
enjoyed subscribe with some more and
I'll see you later bye